# NCUR 2020 Abstract

The objective of this project is to develop a messaging platform where conversations start out as a blank document that allows for real-time collaboration between users. Real-time collaboration, in the context of a document, means that when a user edits the document, other users will be able to see that change instantly, and also make their own changes. We aim to build upon current implementations of real-time collaboration and extend those implementations to provide additional features to contribute to the messaging aspect. Real-time collaboration has been implemented as a feature in word processing software, such as Microsoft Word, Google Docs, and Pages. These applications provide a more professional environment for document writing, whereas we aim to provide an environment geared towards social interactions. We will research and use many different software development methodologies, tools, and technologies in the process of building this system. We plan to implement the Agile methodology, which will allow us to quickly write code, test it and have it running in our production environment. Our testing will be automated using Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines. We will be deploying our project in a cloud infrastructure and will be using a microservice model, as opposed to monolith. Upon the completion of this project the app will be highly available and scalable, and will implement such features as notifications, message encryption and accounts.  
